Anbox documentation language reworked (#406)
ubports/docs.ubports.com: userguide/dailyuse/anbox.rst

Android apps
========================

> `Anbox <https://anbox.io>`_ is a minimal Android container and compatibility layer to run Android apps on GNU/Linux operating systems such as UBports.

Author: "UBports" operating system here "UBports installer" somewhere else.

Reviewer: probably neither. I guess Ubuntu Touch would be most correct

> `Anbox <https://anbox.io>`_ is a minimal Android container and compatibility layer to run Android apps on GNU/Linux operating systems such as UBports.

Author: ```suggestion
`Anbox <https://anbox.io>`_ is a minimal Android container and compatibility layer to run Android apps on GNU/Linux operating systems such as Ubuntu Touch.
```

.. note::

>     "Computer" refers to another device you can connect your Ubuntu Touch device to.

Reviewer: We can also make it more practical. It's not so much whether you **can** connect it. It's the device that actually **will** connect.

"Computer" refers to the device you connect to your Ubuntu Touch device.

Also please use the same verb here and in the next sentence. connect-connected or attach-attached, but no mix

Author: ```suggestion
    "Computer" refers to another device you connect your Ubuntu Touch device to.
```

>     "Computer" refers to another device you connect your Ubuntu Touch device to via USB.

Author: Is wireless adb a think on Ubuntu Touch? (Never used it on Android either.)

Reviewer: I don't think so ... well, ... maybe you can piece it (or smt like it) together with ssh and port forwarding!? haven't used wireless adb ever. and I don't think it would really offer a lot of benefits for UT, after all we've got a "real" (enough) linux and can use ssh

Author: ```suggestion
    "Computer" refers to another device you connect your Ubuntu Touch device to (via USB here).
```

>     Your attached computer must have ``adb`` and ``fastboot`` installed.

Author: ```suggestion
    Your USB-attached computer must have ``adb`` and ``fastboot`` installed.
```
I argue the connection happens via USB, and that the USB (cable) is attached.
In any event it is easier to understand with more explanations(?)

.. note::

>     You will need to execute commands on your Ubuntu Touch device to install Anbox and APKs.

Author: ```suggestion
    You will need to execute commands on your Ubuntu Touch device (and/or attached computer) to install Anbox and APKs.
```

>     You can do that by using the terminal application, but it is easier to use ``adb shell`` or :doc:`set up ssh </userguide/advanceduse/ssh>` to access your Ubuntu Touch device from your host.

Author: ```suggestion
    You can do that by using the terminal application, but it is easier to use ``adb shell`` or :doc:`set up SSH </userguide/advanceduse/ssh>` to access your Ubuntu Touch device from your computer.
```

How to uninstall apps
---------------------

> - To uninstall apps, run ``adb uninstall [APP_ID]`` from your computer::

Reviewer: mhm. I see where you are coming from. you are typing on your computer, so you are running this "from your computer". we are running it "on the UT device". How about we simply drop the clause here. It's explained below anyway. Let's just say

To uninstall apps, run the following commands

Or

You can uninstall apps with ``adb uninstall``, see below

Author: Very unclear to me. My understanding is the command runs on the computer, and removes apps from the device.

> - To uninstall apps, run ``adb uninstall [APP_ID]`` from your computer::

Author: ```suggestion
- To uninstall apps from the Ubuntu Touch device, run ``adb uninstall [APP_ID]`` from your computer::
```

    adb shell # connect from your computer to your Ubuntu Touch device
    sudo mount -o rw,remount /
    adb uninstall [APP_ID] # This is the adb of your device, not your computer
    exit

> - Done! You might have to pull down from the center of the screen and release for the new Android apps to show up.

Reviewer: I think we should say **where** to do that. If you are in the settings app, then "pull down from the center of the screen" isn't gonna have the desired effect. I kinda liked the focus on "refresh", rather than the mechanics of swipe interface. How about

You might have to refresh the list of apps for the new Android apps to show up. (Pull down from the center of the apps scope and release.)

Author: @doniks Does it refresh by itself or not? "Apps scope" is not good. Give me anything else to describe it by.

Reviewer: app overview, app icons, app icons screen, app list

Reviewer: or remove the mechanics completely and gamble that users know/will figure it out :)

Author: ```suggestion
- Done! You might have to pull down from the app list for the new Android apps to show up.
```

- When you want to install an APK, but get the error ``Invalid APK file`` that error could also mean "file not found"

  - Check that you typed the filename correctly.
  - If the APK does not reside in the folder you are in when you run adb, you have to specify the full path, e.g. ``/home/phablet/Downloads/my-app.apk`` instead of just ``my-app.apk``

Reporting bugs
--------------

> Please :doc:`report any bugs </contribute/bugreporting>` you come across. Bugs concering Ubuntu Touch are reported in `the normal Ubuntu Touch tracker <https://github.com/ubports/ubuntu-touch/issues>`_ and issues with Anbox are reported on `our downstream fork <https://github.com/ubports/anbox/issues>`_. Thank you!

Reviewer: concerning

> Please :doc:`report any bugs </contribute/bugreporting>` you come across. Bugs concering Ubuntu Touch are reported in `the normal Ubuntu Touch tracker <https://github.com/ubports/ubuntu-touch/issues>`_ and issues with Anbox are reported on `our downstream fork <https://github.com/ubports/anbox/issues>`_. Thank you!

Author: ```suggestion
Please :doc:`report any bugs </contribute/bugreporting>` you come across. Bugs concerning Ubuntu Touch are reported in `the normal Ubuntu Touch tracker <https://github.com/ubports/ubuntu-touch/issues>`_ and issues with Anbox are reported on `our downstream fork <https://github.com/ubports/anbox/issues>`_. Thank you!
```
